We are looking to create a tool which will read from the handbook and generate a spreadsheet of each party's Party Path.
A Party path is a list of the characters that each party will need to engage with to get information or items in order to complete the adventure weekend.

This is for a Live Action Game called "Otherworld" where 11 parties of 6 participants will engage with a world made up of over 100 staff characters, each path is different but follows a general pattern.

In general a party path consists of:
1. Friday Night Encounters, separated into Contact, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Encounters.
    1. Contact: greets the party, introduces them to their companion (A staff member), and passes them off to the 2nd encounter.
    2. 2nd Encounter: Fills time and gets the party used to interacting with staff characters, then passes them off to the 3rd encounter.
    3. 3rd Encounter: Takes the party out of the tavern to a set location, where the 4th encounter takes place.
    4. 4th Encounter: Gives the party a list of items they need to find and a way to complete their adventure.
2. Unscheduled Saturday Encounters: Each Saturday encounter will give the party an item from their list
    1. NOTE: one Saturday encounter will Doing the "cup of insight" challenge - this is a special encounter.
3. Sunday Morning Encounters:
    1. Penultimate Step: This encounter usually involves a staff character who cannot give the item to the party on saturday (this is to hold them from completing their goal til sunday)
    2. Final Step: This is the ritual Which (now that the party has all their items) they can complete.

The final Spreadsheet should look like this:
Party,Staff Member,Time,Item to Give
Arden,Aria Morgan,Contact,--
Arden,Ursula Smirch,2nd Friday,--
Arden,Nix Valerius,3rd Friday,--
Arden,Isaiah Cooke,4th Friday,list of items
Arden,Kiko Truthspeaker,1st Saturday,locus root
Arden,Buzzkill,11am-6pm,none until tomorrow
Arden,Pascal Valerius,8am-1pm,star of direction
Arden,Karmin Smirch,"9-11am, 1-4pm, 6-8pm",riverglass jewelbox
Arden,Valentina,10am-4pm,citrine shards
Arden,Charlie Peacock,1-6pm,cowry shell
Arden,Moxie,10am-5pm,riddle to argentum heart
Arden,Obsidian,"8am-12noon, 2-4pm",spiritstone
Arden,Ghost Theater,4-8pm,limelight
Arden,Buzzkill,9:45am Sunday,chaos pendant
Arden,Morgoth & Henchmen,10am Sunday,Sconce of the Wood
Arden,riddle item found?,--,--
Claria,Moxie,Contact,--
Claria,Brimstone,2nd Friday,--
Claria,Pascal Valerius,3rd Friday,--
Claria,Lenora Graves,4th Friday,list of items
Claria,Dramina,1st Saturday,dragon’s egg ring
Claria,Kyson Wayseeker,10am-4pm,featherflame herb
Claria,Adina Valerius,8am-2pm,none until tomorrow
Claria,Natasha,12noon-8pm,winterheart gem
Claria,Jack Johnson,11am-6pm,fool’s gold
Claria,Cal Coleman,8am-4pm,gold essence
Claria,Bartleby Sprink,"8-11am, 1-4pm, 6-8pm",riddle for phoenix egg
Claria,Ember,8am-4pm,carbon key
Claria,Court of Mirrors,4-8pm,favor
Claria,Adina Valerius,Penultimate: 10 am,silver snowflake amulets
Claria,Staff of Ignatius,10:15 Sunday,the staff!
Claria,riddle item found?,--,--

The first column will be the party name - there will be 11 parties, and each party will have several lines
The second column will be the staff member name (or a challenge, such as the "Ghost Theatre" or "Gauntlet")
The third column will be the time of the encounter (found in the handbook as well)
The fourth column will be the item to give the party, in some cases this will be blank

There is a special case row for riddle items - Each party will have a row for each riddle item they find, which should be placed at the end of the list for that party.
    
We will be using the handbook to generate this spreadsheet, which is in a PDF format.
The handbook is available here: ../Handbook/2026-staff-handbook.pdf

Here are the steps we will take to generate the spreadsheet:
1. Read the Examples/Glendeep.pdf file to understand the format of the handbook, save this format as a reference.
2. Create a Javascript program to read the PDF and extract the text from the handbook.
    a. Use the Format example to understand the format of the handbook.
    b. Find the begingin of the party path section (Party Paths Heading)
    c. For each party path, read the name of the party, and find Contact, Friday Night Encounters, Unscheduled Saturday Encounters, and Sunday Morning Encounters.
    d. Output these to a spreadsheet formatted as above. 